# Citi Bike Data Analysis
  This workbook first delves into the trends of average trip duration during the Summer of 2013. The average trip duration (minutes) tends to decrease from the beginning of the summer in June to August. A brief calculation using the interquartile range (IQR) identified some outliers in the data, which have been marked). Even when the outliers labelled in the top graph are removed, as shown in the bottom graph, this trend of shorter trip duration from June to August persists. This is likely due to the increase in temperature as the summer goes on, people's general inclination to travel in an air conditioned car or stay indoors outweighs the potential health benefits of biking to their destination. Thus, people will likely only rent a bike to travel for shorter periods of time.
  Next, we analyze the peak riding hours during the same time frame. Although summers are hot, people will still forego the option to travel using cars or public transportation. Whether it be due to economic, environmental, or health reasons, the heat of the summer months clearly does not deter thousands of people from traveling by bike. However, the graph below shows us that peak riding time in all summer months seems to be in the evening, likely when the sun is setting or has already set. Though, the peaks are not obvious ones as plenty of bikes are being ridden before and after the labeled peak riding times.
  And lastly, we attempt to display a static map that plots all bike stations with a visual indication of the most popular locations to start and end a journey with zip code data overlaid on top. There are a total of over 7000 routes that are ridden in just 1 month of data, though the routes are hard to distinguish on this map. I apologize for the lack of finesse in this visualization, but I just couldn't figure out how to show the popularity of individual start and end stations when these stations overlap. I was able to map all routes that were taken and display the count of each route taken in the details, but unable to present a refined visual.
